Proposal for Structural Changes (#210)
camunda-cloud/camunda-cloud-documentation: docs/reference/supported-environments.md

---
id: supported-environments
title: "Supported environments"
---

## Zeebe

- **Zeebe Broker/Gateway** - the cluster components of Zeebe require OpenJDK 11+

>   and optional if the Elasticsearch exporter is used Elasticsearch 6.8.x

Reviewer: The elastic search version is now `7.12.x`

```suggestion
  and optional if the Elasticsearch exporter is used Elasticsearch 7.12.x
```

- **Zeebe Java Client** - the Java client for Zeebe requires OpenJDK 8+
- **Zeebe Go Client** - the Go client for Zeebe requires Go 1.13+
- **zbctl** - the Zeebe CLI supports latest versions of Windows, MacOS and Linux

## Camunda Operate

- **Operate Web App/Importer/Archiver** - the server components of Camunda

>   Operate require OpenJDK 11+ and Elasticsearch 6.8.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Operate require OpenJDK 11+ and Elasticsearch 7.12.x
```
